---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cofide_connect_trust_zone_servers Data Source - terraform-provider-cofide"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides information about Cofide Connect trust zone servers.
---

# cofide_connect_trust_zone_servers (Data Source)

Provides information about Cofide Connect trust zone servers.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    cofide = {
      source  = "cofide/cofide"
      version = "~> 0.9.0"
    }
  }
}

provider "cofide" {}


variable "trust_zone_id" {
  description = "The ID of the trust zone."
  type        = string
  default     = "example-tz-id"
}


data "cofide_connect_trust_zone_servers" "example" {
  trust_zone_id = var.trust_zone_id
}


output "trust_zone_server_ids" {
  value = [for s in data.cofide_connect_trust_zone_servers.example.trust_zone_servers : s.id]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `cluster_id` (String) Filter by cluster ID.
- `org_id` (String) Filter by organization ID.
- `trust_zone_id` (String) Filter by trust zone ID.

### Read-Only

- `trust_zone_servers` (Attributes List) The list of trust zone servers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--trust_zone_servers))

<a id="nestedatt--trust_zone_servers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `trust_zone_servers`

Read-Only:

- `cluster_id` (String) The ID of the cluster on which the server is deployed.
- `connect_k8s_psat_config` (Attributes) Configuration for the k8s PSAT node attestor plugin. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--trust_zone_servers--connect_k8s_psat_config))
- `helm_values` (String) Helm values configured for the server install (JSON).
- `id` (String) The ID of the trust zone server.
- `kubernetes_namespace` (String) The Kubernetes namespace in which the server is deployed.
- `kubernetes_service_account` (String) The name of the Kubernetes service account deployed with the server.
- `org_id` (String) The ID of the organization.
- `status` (Attributes) The current lifecycle status of the trust zone server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--trust_zone_servers--status))
- `trust_zone_id` (String) The ID of the trust zone managed by this server.

<a id="nestedatt--trust_zone_servers--connect_k8s_psat_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `trust_zone_servers.connect_k8s_psat_config`

Read-Only:

- `audiences` (List of String) Audiences that SPIRE agents in remote clusters can present for node attestation.
- `spire_server_spiffe_id_path` (String) SPIFFE ID path used in the JWT presented by the SPIRE server to the cluster's API server.


<a id="nestedatt--trust_zone_servers--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `trust_zone_servers.status`

Read-Only:

- `last_transition_time` (String) The time of the last status transition (RFC3339).
- `status` (String) The status of the trust zone server (e.g. `TRUST_ZONE_SERVER_STATUS_PROVISIONED`).
