---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cofide_connect_cluster Data Source - terraform-provider-cofide"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides information about a Cofide Connect cluster.
---

# cofide_connect_cluster (Data Source)

Provides information about a Cofide Connect cluster.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    cofide = {
      source  = "cofide/cofide"
      version = "~> 0.9.0"
    }
  }
}

provider "cofide" {}


variable "name" {
  description = "The name of the cluster."
  type        = string
  default     = "example-cluster"
}

variable "org_id" {
  description = "The ID of the organization."
  type        = string
  default     = "example-org-id"
}


data "cofide_connect_cluster" "example" {
  name   = var.name
  org_id = var.org_id
}


output "cluster_id" {
  value = data.cofide_connect_cluster.example.id
}

output "cluster_trust_zone_id" {
  value = data.cofide_connect_cluster.example.trust_zone_id
}

output "cluster_trust_provider_kind" {
  value = data.cofide_connect_cluster.example.trust_provider.kind
}

output "cluster_oidc_issuer_url" {
  value = data.cofide_connect_cluster.example.oidc_issuer_url
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the cluster.

### Optional

- `org_id` (String) The ID of the organisation.
- `trust_zone_id` (String) The ID of the associated trust zone.

### Read-Only

- `external_server` (Boolean) Whether the SPIRE server runs externally to this cluster.
- `extra_helm_values` (String) Additional Helm values for the Cofide SPIRE Helm chart installation, in YAML format.
- `id` (String) The ID of the cluster.
- `kubernetes_context` (String) The Kubernetes context of the cluster.
- `oidc_issuer_ca_cert` (String) The CA certificate (base64-encoded) to validate the cluster's OIDC issuer URL.
- `oidc_issuer_url` (String) The OIDC issuer URL of the cluster.
- `profile` (String) The Cofide profile used by the cluster (e.g. `kubernetes`, `istio`). Ensures Cofide SPIRE is configured correctly for the target environment.
- `trust_provider` (Attributes) The trust provider of the cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--trust_provider))

<a id="nestedatt--trust_provider"></a>
### Nested Schema for `trust_provider`

Read-Only:

- `k8s_psat_config` (Attributes) Configuration for the k8s PSAT node attestor plugin. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--trust_provider--k8s_psat_config))
- `kind` (String) The kind of trust provider.

<a id="nestedatt--trust_provider--k8s_psat_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `trust_provider.k8s_psat_config`

Read-Only:

- `allowed_node_label_keys` (List of String) Node label keys that may be used as selectors in this cluster.
- `allowed_pod_label_keys` (List of String) Pod label keys that may be used as selectors in this cluster.
- `allowed_service_accounts` (Attributes List) Service accounts whose tokens agents may use to attest nodes in this cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--trust_provider--k8s_psat_config--allowed_service_accounts))
- `api_server_ca_cert` (String) Base64-encoded CA certificate of the cluster's API server.
- `api_server_proxy_url` (String) Proxy URL for the cluster's API server.
- `api_server_tls_server_name` (String) Alternative TLS server name to verify the API server certificate against.
- `api_server_url` (String) URL of the cluster's API server.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether to enable the k8s PSAT node attestor plugin with a Connect datasource.
- `spire_server_audience` (String) Audience the SPIRE server uses in the JWT presented to the cluster's API server.

<a id="nestedatt--trust_provider--k8s_psat_config--allowed_service_accounts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `trust_provider.k8s_psat_config.allowed_service_accounts`

Read-Only:

- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the service account.
- `service_account_name` (String) The name of the service account.
