---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cofide_connect_attestation_policy Data Source - terraform-provider-cofide"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides information about an attestation policy resource.
---

# cofide_connect_attestation_policy (Data Source)

Provides information about an attestation policy resource.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the attestation policy.

### Optional

- `org_id` (String) The ID of the organisation.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of the attestation policy.
- `kubernetes` (Attributes) The configuration of the Kubernetes attestation policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--kubernetes))
- `static` (Attributes) The configuration of the static attestation policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--static))
- `tpm_node` (Attributes) The configuration of the TPM node attestation policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tpm_node))

<a id="nestedatt--kubernetes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kubernetes`

Read-Only:

- `dns_name_templates` (List of String) The list of DNS name templates for the Kubernetes attestation policy.
- `namespace_selector` (Attributes) The configuration of the namespace selector for the Kubernetes attestation policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--kubernetes--namespace_selector))
- `pod_selector` (Attributes) The configuration of the pod selector for the Kubernetes attestation policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--kubernetes--pod_selector))
- `spiffe_id_path_template` (String) The SPIFFE ID path template for the Kubernetes attestation policy.

<a id="nestedatt--kubernetes--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kubernetes.namespace_selector`

Read-Only:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) The list of match expressions for the namespace selector. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--kubernetes--namespace_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) The list of labels to match for the namespace selector.

<a id="nestedatt--kubernetes--namespace_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kubernetes.namespace_selector.match_expressions`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key of the match expression.
- `operator` (String) The operator of the match expression.
- `values` (List of String) The values of the match expression.



<a id="nestedatt--kubernetes--pod_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kubernetes.pod_selector`

Read-Only:

- `match_expressions` (Attributes List) The list of match expressions for the pod selector. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--kubernetes--pod_selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) The list of labels to match for the pod selector.

<a id="nestedatt--kubernetes--pod_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kubernetes.pod_selector.match_expressions`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key of the match expression.
- `operator` (String) The operator of the match expression.
- `values` (List of String) The values of the match expression.




<a id="nestedatt--static"></a>
### Nested Schema for `static`

Read-Only:

- `dns_names` (List of String) The list of DNS names for the static attestation policy.
- `parent_id_path` (String) The parent ID path for the static attestation policy.
- `selectors` (Attributes List) The list of selectors for the static attestation policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--static--selectors))
- `spiffe_id_path` (String) The SPIFFE ID path for the static attestation policy.

<a id="nestedatt--static--selectors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `static.selectors`

Read-Only:

- `type` (String) The type of the selector.
- `value` (String) The value of the selector.



<a id="nestedatt--tpm_node"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tpm_node`

Read-Only:

- `attestation` (Attributes) The TPM attestation configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tpm_node--attestation))
- `selector_values` (List of String) The list of selector values for the TPM node attestation policy.

<a id="nestedatt--tpm_node--attestation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tpm_node.attestation`

Read-Only:

- `ek_hash` (String) SHA-256 hash of the Endorsement Key (EK) certificate of the TPM.
